docs/engine.rst, before:

*************************
Get Started with Neutrino
*************************

Neutrino is a deep learning library for optimizing and accelerating deep neural networks to make them faster,
smaller and more energy-efficient. Neural network designers can specify a variety of pre-trained models, datasets and
target computation constraints and ask the engine to optimize the network. High-level APIs are provided to make the
optimization process easy and transparent to the user. Neutrino can be biased to concentrate on compression (relative to
disk size taken by the model) or latency (forward call's execution time) optimization.

.. figure:: media/engine_figure.png
   :align: center

.. note::

   Currently we support MLP/CNN-based deep learning architectures.

Follow these simple steps to learn how to use Neutrino in your project.

- :ref:`choose_framework`
- :ref:`choose_datasets`
- :ref:`choose_model`
- :ref:`run_engine`
    - :ref:`run_config`
    - :ref:`run_output`
- :ref:`type_tasks`
- :ref:`performance`
- :ref:`cache`
- :ref:`env_variables`
- :ref:`code_examples`


.. _choose_framework:

Choose a Framework
==================

Neutrino supports PyTorch (and TensorFlow very soon) framework. This comes as a separate package and once
installed, the framework object needs to be instantiated and given to the engine.

.. code-block:: python

    from neutrino.framework.torch_framework import TorchFramework
    framework = TorchFramework()

.. _choose_datasets:

Choose a Dataset
================

The engine expects you to provide your dataset as ``data_splits`` dictionary format from keys string names to dataloader
values. The engine always refers to ``train`` in ``data_splits`` to access training data. However, you can determine which
split is being used by engine for validation by passing  ``eval_split`` argument to the :ref:`run_config`. Alternatively, you can use one of the formatted and available benchmark datasets from :ref:`nt_zoo`.
 
Example:

.. code-block:: python

    def get_cifar100_dataset(dataroot, batch_size):
        trainset = torchvision.datasets.CIFAR100(root=dataroot,
                                                 train=True,
                                                 download=True,
                                                 transform=transforms.Compose([
                                                     transforms.RandomCrop(32, padding=4),
                                                     transforms.RandomHorizontalFlip(),
                                                     transforms.ToTensor(),
                                                     transforms.Normalize((0.4914, 0.4822, 0.4465),
                                                                          (0.2023, 0.1994, 0.2010))
                                                 ]))
        trainloader = torch.utils.data.DataLoader(trainset, batch_size=batch_size,
                                                  shuffle=True, num_workers=4, pin_memory=True)

        testset = torchvision.datasets.CIFAR100(root=dataroot,
                                                train=False,
                                                download=True,
                                                transform=transforms.Compose([
                                                    transforms.ToTensor(),
                                                    transforms.Normalize((0.4914, 0.4822, 0.4465),
                                                                         (0.2023, 0.1994, 0.2010))
                                                ]))
        testloader = torch.utils.data.DataLoader(testset, batch_size=batch_size,
                                                 shuffle=False, num_workers=4, pin_memory=True)

        return {
                'train': trainloader,
                'test': testloader
                }

.. note::

    You must use the same splits for both training and optimizing your model.
    If you use a subset of training data for validation set, you need to use the same training/validation set for
    optimization process.

.. note::

    Please use the same batch size as you have used to train the original network for the optimization process.

.. _choose_model:

Choose a Model
==============

The next step is defining the pre-trained model as the reference model you want to optimize.
You can take your own pre-trained custom model or use a model that is publicly available. We assume the model you will use
is also compatible with the framework you choose, for example a torch model will be a subclass of
``torch.nn.Module``. Alternatively, you can use one of the pretrained models from :ref:`nt_zoo`.

Example:

.. code-block:: python

    # Option 1: load a pre-trained model
    reference_model = TheModelClass(*args, **kwargs)
    reference_model.load_state_dict(torch.load(PATH))

    # Option 2: use torchvision model zoo
    import torchvision.models as models
    reference_model = models.resnet18(pretrained=True)

    # Option 3: use Neutrino zoo
    import neutrino_torch_zoo
    reference_model = neutrino_torch_zoo.get_classifier_by_name(model_name=args.arch,
                                                                dataset_name=args.dataset,
                                                                pretrained=True,
                                                                progress=True)


.. _run_engine:

Run Optimization Engine
=======================

We provide a simple yet powerful process with multiple user-guided controls to optimize your models. First, you need to instantiate from ``Neutrino`` class and pass the required arguments ``data_splits``, ``reference_model`` and ``framework``.
Furthermore, a ``config`` dictionary with at least a **delta** key needs to be supplied. This value is crucial as it defines
the tolerable performance drop you wish to trade-off (accuracy versus model size, latency etc.).
Finally, a choice for the ``optimization`` key needs to be taken into consideration as it fundamentally alters how the
engine will optimize your model.

.. _run_config:

Config
------

    You can pass several parameters to the Neutrino engine through the config. Config is a dictionary with the following keys:

delta
^^^^^

    The acceptable performance drop for your model. Delta must be in the same range as your performance metric. For example,
    you must use a delta between 0 and 1.0 if your performance metric is between 0 and 1.0 (e.g. your model has 0.758 mAP) or
    you must use a delta between 0 and 100 if your performance metric is between 0 and 100 (e.g. 78% Top1 accuracy).

optimization
^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Select which mode you want to use the engine based on your key optimization criteria. The engine currently supports
    ``compression`` or ``latency`` mode: compression maximizes reduction of the bytes the model will occupy in terms of disk size.
    latency maximizes reduction of the model execution time. Keep in mind compression mode may also improve latency and vice versa.

    .. note::
        The default behavior is **compression**.

level
^^^^^

    The engine has three levels of optimization for you to control how much computing resources you want to
    allocate to the process. By default it is on level 1. Please note that level 3 may take roughly twice as long to
    complete than level 1, but level 3 will produce a more compressed result. Currently, the engine only supports level 1
    for object detection tasks. This option is not available for `optimization=latency`.

deepsearch
^^^^^^^^^^

    In conjunction with `levels`, it is possible to use the `deepsearch` flag. This is a powerful function that will produce even more optimized results. It activates a more fine
    grained optimization search to consume the most of the allotted `delta`, however it will make the optimization process longer . This option is not
    available for `optimization=latency`.

device
^^^^^^

    Whether to use **GPU** or **CPU** for the optimization process. This is typically the same machine you would use to train your model. For modern deep learning and computer vision models/datasets, we recommend to use GPU. Keep in mind that 'device' does NOT dictate the device you deploy your model on for inference. Once you start a job, it is not possible to switch from CPU to GPU after initializing
    the engine on CPU.


horovod
^^^^^^^

    An experimental feature that activates distributed training through Horovod. Please read :ref:`run_multi_gpu`
    for more information.

    .. important::

        Currently, the multi-GPU support is available only for the Production version of Deeplite Neutrino. Refer, :ref:`how to upgrade <feature_comparison>`.

eval_key
^^^^^^^^

    Name of the evaluation metric the engine listens to while optimizing for `delta`. More details
    are here :ref:`type_tasks`.

eval_split
^^^^^^^^^^

    Name of the key in the `data_splits` dictionary on which to run the evaluation function and fetch
    the evaluation metric.

.. _fp16:

onnx_precision
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Set it to `'fp16'` if you want the engine to export the optimized model in FP16. Please note that some
    operations need FP32 and onnx cannot convert them to FP16. Currently, this option is only available for
    classification tasks.

BatchNorm Fusing
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    The engine fuses BachNorm layers if **bn_fusion=True**. Click `here <https://tehnokv.com/posts/fusing-batchnorm-and-conv/>`_
    for more information about Fusing batch normalization and convolution in runtime.

Finally, you just need to call `run` function from ``Neutrino`` class to start the optimization process.

.. code-block:: python

    from neutrino.job import Neutrino
    config = {
        'deepsearch': args.deepsearch, #(boolean), (default = False)
        'onnx_precision': precision, #('fp16' or 'fp32') (default = 'fp32')
        'bn_fusion':args.bn_fuse #(boolean)
        'delta': args.delta, #(between 0 to 100), (default = 1)
        'device': args.device, # 'GPU' or 'CPU' (default = 'GPU')
        'use_horovod': args.horovod, #(boolean), (default = False)
        'level': args.level # int {1, 2}, (default = 1)
    }
    opt_model = Neutrino(framework=TorchFramework(),
                         data=data_splits,
                         model=reference_model,
                         config=config).run(dryrun=args.dryrun) #dryrun is boolean and it is False by default

.. note::

    It is recommended to run the engine in ``dryrun mode`` to check everything runs properly on your machines.
    It forces the engine to run till the end without running any heavy and time consuming computation.

.. _run_output:

Output
------

You can get the PyTorch object of the optimized model from ``Neutrino.run()`` function call. The engine also exports
the reference model in FP32 and the optimized model in FP32 or FP16 (See :ref:`fp16`) in **onnx format**
with dynamic input size and **pytorch script** format as follow:

.. code-block:: console

    Model has been exported to pytorch jit format: /WORKING_DIR/ref_model_jit.pt
    Model has been exported to onnx format: /WORKING_DIR/ref_model.onnx
    Model has been exported to pytorch jit format: /WORKING_DIR/opt_model_jit.pt
    Model has been exported to onnx format: /WORKING_DIR/opt_model.onnx
    OR
    Model has been exported to onnx format: /WORKING_DIR/opt_model_fp16.onnx (if fp16 is enabled)

.. important::

    For classification models, the community version returns the second best `opt_model` at the end of the optimization process. Consider upgrading to the production version to obtain the most optimized model produced by Deeplite Neutrino. Refer :ref:`how to upgrade <feature_comparison>`.

.. important::

    For object detection and segmentation models, the community version displays the results of the optimization process, including all the optimized metric values. To obtain the optimized model produced by Deeplite Neutrino, consider upgrading to the production version. Refer :ref:`how to upgrade <feature_comparison>`.

.. _type_tasks:

Types of Tasks
==============

By default, Neutrino is wired for optimizing a classification task that has a fairly simple setup. This imposes tight constraints
on the assumed structure of how tensors flow from the data loader, to the model, to the loss function and to the evaluation.
For example, the classification task assumes the loss is CrossEntropy, the evaluation is GetAccuracy and the **eval_key**
in the ``config`` is 'accuracy'.
For more details and how to use Neutrino on more intricate tasks, please read :ref:`deeper`.

.. _performance:

Performance Considerations
==========================

.. important::

    **The optimization process may take several hours depending on the model complexity, constraints and dataset.**

* **Tighter constraints** make the optimization process harder. For instance, it is harder to find a good optimized model with *delta=%1* comparing to *delta=%5*. This is due to the nature of optimization process, where there are less possible solutions under tighter constraints. Therefore, the engine needs more time to explore and find those solutions.

* **Dataset size** also impacts on the optimization time. High resolution images or large datasets may slow down the optimization process.

* **Number of classes** in dataset can impact the optimization process. When we have more classes, we need to use more capacity of the network to learn, which means less opportunity to shrink the network.

* **Model complexity** can also impact on the optimization time as well.

.. _cache:

Enable Neutrino Cache
=====================

To perform further optimizations faster on a reference model you can enable Neutrino Cache. To enable the cache please
set the environment var ``NEUTRINO_CACHE=1``.

.. code-block:: console

    $ NEUTRINO_CACHE=1

The engine will store cache data in ``$NEUTRINO_HOME/checkpoints``.

.. _env_variables:

Environment Variables
=====================

Optional environment variables that can be set to configure the Neutrino engine.

* ``NEUTRINO_HOME``- The absolute path to the directory where the engine stores its data (such as checkpoints, logs, etc.) [default=~/.neutrino]
* ``NEUTRINO_LICENSE``- Contains the license key.
* ``NEUTRINO_LICENSE_FILE``- The absolute path where the license file can be found.
* ``NEUTRINO_CACHE``- Enables the caching mechanism if it is set to 1. [default=0]

.. _code_examples:

Code Examples
=============

To make it quick and easy for you to test Neutrino, we provide some pre-defined scenarios. It is recommended to run the :ref:`example codes <torch_samples>`
on different pre-defined models/dataset to ensure the engine works on your machines before you optimize your custom model/dataset.

Commit message:

updated neutrino pickle format in docs

docs/engine.rst, after:

*************************
Get Started with Neutrino
*************************

Neutrino is a deep learning library for optimizing and accelerating deep neural networks to make them faster,
smaller and more energy-efficient. Neural network designers can specify a variety of pre-trained models, datasets and
target computation constraints and ask the engine to optimize the network. High-level APIs are provided to make the
optimization process easy and transparent to the user. Neutrino can be biased to concentrate on compression (relative to
disk size taken by the model) or latency (forward call's execution time) optimization.

.. figure:: media/engine_figure.png
   :align: center

.. note::

   Currently we support MLP/CNN-based deep learning architectures.

Follow these simple steps to learn how to use Neutrino in your project.

- :ref:`choose_framework`
- :ref:`choose_datasets`
- :ref:`choose_model`
- :ref:`run_engine`
    - :ref:`run_config`
    - :ref:`run_output`
- :ref:`neutrino_pickle`
- :ref:`type_tasks`
- :ref:`performance`
- :ref:`env_variables`
- :ref:`code_examples`


.. _choose_framework:

Choose a Framework
==================

Neutrino supports PyTorch (and TensorFlow very soon) framework. This comes as a separate package and once
installed, the framework object needs to be instantiated and given to the engine.

.. code-block:: python

    from neutrino.framework.torch_framework import TorchFramework
    framework = TorchFramework()

.. _choose_datasets:

Choose a Dataset
================

The engine expects you to provide your dataset as ``data_splits`` dictionary format from keys string names to dataloader
values. The engine always refers to ``train`` in ``data_splits`` to access training data. However, you can determine which
split is being used by engine for validation by passing  ``eval_split`` argument to the :ref:`run_config`. Alternatively, you can use one of the formatted and available benchmark datasets from :ref:`nt_zoo`.
 
Example:

.. code-block:: python

    def get_cifar100_dataset(dataroot, batch_size):
        trainset = torchvision.datasets.CIFAR100(root=dataroot,
                                                 train=True,
                                                 download=True,
                                                 transform=transforms.Compose([
                                                     transforms.RandomCrop(32, padding=4),
                                                     transforms.RandomHorizontalFlip(),
                                                     transforms.ToTensor(),
                                                     transforms.Normalize((0.4914, 0.4822, 0.4465),
                                                                          (0.2023, 0.1994, 0.2010))
                                                 ]))
        trainloader = torch.utils.data.DataLoader(trainset, batch_size=batch_size,
                                                  shuffle=True, num_workers=4, pin_memory=True)

        testset = torchvision.datasets.CIFAR100(root=dataroot,
                                                train=False,
                                                download=True,
                                                transform=transforms.Compose([
                                                    transforms.ToTensor(),
                                                    transforms.Normalize((0.4914, 0.4822, 0.4465),
                                                                         (0.2023, 0.1994, 0.2010))
                                                ]))
        testloader = torch.utils.data.DataLoader(testset, batch_size=batch_size,
                                                 shuffle=False, num_workers=4, pin_memory=True)

        return {
                'train': trainloader,
                'test': testloader
                }

.. note::

    You must use the same splits for both training and optimizing your model.
    If you use a subset of training data for validation set, you need to use the same training/validation set for
    optimization process.

.. note::

    Please use the same batch size as you have used to train the original network for the optimization process.

.. _choose_model:

Choose a Model
==============

The next step is defining the pre-trained model as the reference model you want to optimize.
You can take your own pre-trained custom model or use a model that is publicly available. We assume the model you will use
is also compatible with the framework you choose, for example a torch model will be a subclass of
``torch.nn.Module``. Alternatively, you can use one of the pretrained models from :ref:`nt_zoo`.

Example:

.. code-block:: python

    # Option 1: load a pre-trained model
    reference_model = TheModelClass(*args, **kwargs)
    reference_model.load_state_dict(torch.load(PATH))

    # Option 2: use torchvision model zoo
    import torchvision.models as models
    reference_model = models.resnet18(pretrained=True)

    # Option 3: use Neutrino zoo
    import neutrino_torch_zoo
    reference_model = neutrino_torch_zoo.get_classifier_by_name(model_name=args.arch,
                                                                dataset_name=args.dataset,
                                                                pretrained=True,
                                                                progress=True)


.. _run_engine:

Run Optimization Engine
=======================

We provide a simple yet powerful process with multiple user-guided controls to optimize your models. First, you need to instantiate from ``Neutrino`` class and pass the required arguments ``data_splits``, ``reference_model`` and ``framework``.
Furthermore, a ``config`` dictionary with at least a **delta** key needs to be supplied. This value is crucial as it defines
the tolerable performance drop you wish to trade-off (accuracy versus model size, latency etc.).
Finally, a choice for the ``optimization`` key needs to be taken into consideration as it fundamentally alters how the
engine will optimize your model.

.. _run_config:

Config
------

    You can pass several parameters to the Neutrino engine through the config. Config is a dictionary with the following keys:

delta
^^^^^

    The acceptable performance drop for your model. Delta must be in the same range as your performance metric. For example,
    you must use a delta between 0 and 1.0 if your performance metric is between 0 and 1.0 (e.g. your model has 0.758 mAP) or
    you must use a delta between 0 and 100 if your performance metric is between 0 and 100 (e.g. 78% Top1 accuracy).

optimization
^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Select which mode you want to use the engine based on your key optimization criteria. The engine currently supports
    ``compression`` or ``latency`` mode: compression maximizes reduction of the bytes the model will occupy in terms of disk size.
    latency maximizes reduction of the model execution time. Keep in mind compression mode may also improve latency and vice versa.

    .. note::
        The default behavior is **compression**.

level
^^^^^

    The engine has three levels of optimization for you to control how much computing resources you want to
    allocate to the process. By default it is on level 1. Please note that level 3 may take roughly twice as long to
    complete than level 1, but level 3 will produce a more compressed result. Currently, the engine only supports level 1
    for object detection tasks. This option is not available for `optimization=latency`.

deepsearch
^^^^^^^^^^

    In conjunction with `levels`, it is possible to use the `deepsearch` flag. This is a powerful function that will produce even more optimized results. It activates a more fine
    grained optimization search to consume the most of the allotted `delta`, however it will make the optimization process longer . This option is not
    available for `optimization=latency`.

device
^^^^^^

    Whether to use **GPU** or **CPU** for the optimization process. This is typically the same machine you would use to train your model. For modern deep learning and computer vision models/datasets, we recommend to use GPU. Keep in mind that 'device' does NOT dictate the device you deploy your model on for inference. Once you start a job, it is not possible to switch from CPU to GPU after initializing
    the engine on CPU.


horovod
^^^^^^^

    An experimental feature that activates distributed training through Horovod. Please read :ref:`run_multi_gpu`
    for more information.

    .. important::

        Currently, the multi-GPU support is available only for the Production version of Deeplite Neutrino. Refer, :ref:`how to upgrade <feature_comparison>`.

eval_key
^^^^^^^^

    Name of the evaluation metric the engine listens to while optimizing for `delta`. More details
    are here :ref:`type_tasks`.

eval_split
^^^^^^^^^^

    Name of the key in the `data_splits` dictionary on which to run the evaluation function and fetch
    the evaluation metric.

.. _fp16:

onnx_precision
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Set it to `'fp16'` if you want the engine to export the optimized model in FP16. Please note that some
    operations need FP32 and onnx cannot convert them to FP16. Currently, this option is only available for
    classification tasks.

BatchNorm Fusing
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    The engine fuses BachNorm layers if **bn_fusion=True**. Click `here <https://tehnokv.com/posts/fusing-batchnorm-and-conv/>`_
    for more information about Fusing batch normalization and convolution in runtime.

Finally, you just need to call `run` function from ``Neutrino`` class to start the optimization process.

.. code-block:: python

    from neutrino.job import Neutrino
    config = {
        'deepsearch': args.deepsearch, #(boolean), (default = False)
        'onnx_precision': precision, #('fp16' or 'fp32') (default = 'fp32')
        'bn_fusion':args.bn_fuse #(boolean)
        'delta': args.delta, #(between 0 to 100), (default = 1)
        'device': args.device, # 'GPU' or 'CPU' (default = 'GPU')
        'use_horovod': args.horovod, #(boolean), (default = False)
        'level': args.level # int {1, 2}, (default = 1)
    }
    opt_model = Neutrino(framework=TorchFramework(),
                         data=data_splits,
                         model=reference_model,
                         config=config).run(dryrun=args.dryrun) #dryrun is boolean and it is False by default

.. note::

    It is recommended to run the engine in ``dryrun mode`` to check everything runs properly on your machines.
    It forces the engine to run till the end without running any heavy and time consuming computation.

.. _run_output:

Output
------

You can get the PyTorch object of the optimized model from ``Neutrino.run()`` function call. The engine also exports
the reference model in FP32 and the optimized model in FP32 or FP16 (See :ref:`fp16`) in **onnx format**
with dynamic input size, **pytorch script** format, and a proprietary **Neutrino pickle** format, as follows:

.. code-block:: console

    Reference Model has been exported to Neutrino pickle format: /WORKING_DIR/ref_model.pkl
    Reference Model has been exported to pytorch jit format: /WORKING_DIR/ref_model_jit.pt
    Reference Model has been exported to onnx format: /WORKING_DIR/ref_model.onnx
    Optimized Model has been exported to Neutrino pickle format: /WORKING_DIR/opt_model.pkl
    Optimized Model has been exported to pytorch jit format: /WORKING_DIR/opt_model_jit.pt
    Optimized Model has been exported to onnx format: /WORKING_DIR/opt_model.onnx
    OR
    Model has been exported to onnx format: /WORKING_DIR/opt_model_fp16.onnx (if fp16 is enabled)

.. important::

    For classification models, the community version returns the second best `opt_model` at the end of the optimization process. Consider upgrading to the production version to obtain the most optimized model produced by Deeplite Neutrino. Refer :ref:`how to upgrade <feature_comparison>`.

.. important::

    For object detection and segmentation models, the community version displays the results of the optimization process, including all the optimized metric values. To obtain the optimized model produced by Deeplite Neutrino, consider upgrading to the production version. Refer :ref:`how to upgrade <feature_comparison>`.

.. _neutrino_pickle:

Neutrino Pickle Format
======================

Neutrino saves, on the disk, both the provided reference model and the optimized model in an encrypted proprietary pickle format. This will be available in the following paths: ``/WORKING_DIR/ref_model.pkl`` and ``/WORKING_DIR/opt_model.pkl``. One can load the **Neutrino pickle** format using our custom load function, as follows,

.. code-block:: python

    pytorch_reference_model = neutrino.load('/WORKING_DIR/ref_model.pkl')
    pytorch_optimized_model = neutrino.load('/WORKING_DIR/opt_model.pkl')

The ``neutrino.load`` function will load the model in pickle format and return a Pytorch native object. This model can be used for further processing using **Neutrino**, or for profiling using **Deeplite Profiler**, or for any downstream applications. 


.. _type_tasks:

Types of Tasks
==============

By default, Neutrino is wired for optimizing a classification task that has a fairly simple setup. This imposes tight constraints
on the assumed structure of how tensors flow from the data loader, to the model, to the loss function and to the evaluation.
For example, the classification task assumes the loss is CrossEntropy, the evaluation is GetAccuracy and the **eval_key**
in the ``config`` is 'accuracy'.
For more details and how to use Neutrino on more intricate tasks, please read :ref:`deeper`.

.. _performance:

Performance Considerations
==========================

.. important::

    **The optimization process may take several hours depending on the model complexity, constraints and dataset.**

* **Tighter constraints** make the optimization process harder. For instance, it is harder to find a good optimized model with *delta=%1* comparing to *delta=%5*. This is due to the nature of optimization process, where there are less possible solutions under tighter constraints. Therefore, the engine needs more time to explore and find those solutions.

* **Dataset size** also impacts on the optimization time. High resolution images or large datasets may slow down the optimization process.

* **Number of classes** in dataset can impact the optimization process. When we have more classes, we need to use more capacity of the network to learn, which means less opportunity to shrink the network.

* **Model complexity** can also impact on the optimization time as well.


.. _env_variables:

Environment Variables
=====================

Optional environment variables that can be set to configure the Neutrino engine.

* ``NEUTRINO_HOME``- The absolute path to the directory where the engine stores its data (such as checkpoints, logs, etc.) [default=~/.neutrino]
* ``NEUTRINO_LICENSE``- Contains the license key.
* ``NEUTRINO_LICENSE_FILE``- The absolute path where the license file can be found.

.. _code_examples:

Code Examples
=============

To make it quick and easy for you to test Neutrino, we provide some pre-defined scenarios. It is recommended to run the :ref:`example codes <torch_samples>`
on different pre-defined models/dataset to ensure the engine works on your machines before you optimize your custom model/dataset.
